README.md, before:

# Create++
_A small Create addon I made for my modpack, [Create+](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/create-mod-plus)._

Already added:

- A cogwheel sequenced assembly recipe, with its own incomplete cogwheel item to go with it
- Other recipes made for better compat between mods

Working on:

- Brass versions of blocks with more functionality
- I have already made a brass chain drive and a brass gearbox, but they don't have custom functionality yet. The current plan is:  
-To make the brass chain drive able to connect in multiple directions at the same time (eg. upwards as well as to the sides)  
-To make the brass gearbox able to be right clicked with casing to block that side from transferring power
- An inverted gearshift and clutch (like clutch/gearshift but enabled by default and redstone disables it.)
-Works, but I haven't made the normal gearshift/clutch able to be converted to this kind (either via wrench right click or scrolling with wrench)

Planned:

- Redstone clock: _configurable_ redstone clock (like pulse extender and pulse repeater in base Create)
- Redstone timer (If you have a better name, tell me!)**:** if a redstone pulse at it's input side lasts for the configured time, send a redstone signal at the output side

Feel Free to suggest more, or make a pull request that adds one of these features or even something you came up with!  
Or just make a pull request to clean up my code... pls...

Commit message:

Fix inverted clutch and gearshift not having loot tables, not breaking faster with tools, item models, and not having conversion recipes. Also update readme.

README.md, after:

# Create++
_A small Create addon I made for my modpack, [Create+](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/create-mod-plus)._

Done:

- A cogwheel sequenced assembly recipe, with its own incomplete cogwheel item to go with it
- Other recipes made for better compat between mods

Done, but could have better functionality I don't know how to code yet: (pull request pls 👉👈🥺)
- **Inverted clutch and gearshift:** works as an inverted clutch and gearshift and has textures, but right now it uses a recipe to convert between inverted and not inverted.  
I want to be able to wrench and right click, shift right click with a redstone torch, or wrench and scroll (Think of how you can change between clockwise and counter-clockwise on a windmill) on the block to switch modes.
- **Brass gearbox and brass chain drive:** also works and also has textures, but no functionality difference between andesite versions.  
**Brass Gearbox:** should be able to block off sides with brass casing  
**Brass Chain Drive:** should be able to connect in more than 1 direction


Working in progress:

- **Brass Chain Gearshift:** self-explanatory, just to better match brass chain drives. No extra functionality. 

Planned:

- **Even More brass versions of blocks** with more functionality (suggest what block I should do next and what features it should have in the issues tab!)
-Probably will make **brass drill** with silk touch next, but it will be half speed
- **Redstone clock:** _configurable_ redstone clock (like pulse extender and pulse repeater in base Create)
- **Redstone timer:** (If you have a better name, tell me!) if a redstone pulse at it's input side lasts for the configured time, send a redstone signal at the output side
- **Ponders** for new blocks

Feel Free to suggest more, or make a pull request that adds one of these features or even something you came up with!  
Or just make a pull request to clean up my code... pls...
